Refactor installation docs (#850)
kubeapps/kubeapps: docs/user/getting-started.md

helm install --name kubeapps --namespace kubeapps bitnami/kubeapps
```

> For detailed information on installing, configuring and upgrade Kubeapps, checkout the [chart README](../../chart/kubeapps/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information on installing, configuring and upgrading Kubeapps, checkout the [chart README](../../chart/kubeapps/README.md).
```

kubectl create clusterrolebinding kubeapps-operator --clusterrole=cluster-admin --serviceaccount=default:kubeapps-operator
```

> NOTE: It's not recommended to create `cluster-admin` users for Kubeapps production usage. Please refer to the [Access Control](/docs/user/access-control.md) documentation to configure fine-grained access control for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE** It's not recommended to create `cluster-admin` users for Kubeapps production usage. Please refer to the [Access Control](/docs/user/access-control.md) documentation to configure fine-grained access control for users.
```

Once you have the Kubeapps Dashboard up and running, you can start deploying applications into your cluster.

> - Use the "Catalog" page in the Dashboard to select an application from the list of charts in any of the Kubernetes chart repositories. This example assumes you want to deploy WordPress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the "Catalog" page in the Dashboard to select an application from the list of charts in any of the configured Helm chart repositories. This example assumes you want to deploy WordPress.
```

  ![WordPress chart](../img/wordpress-search.png)

- Click the "Deploy using Helm" button.

  ![WordPress chart](../img/wordpress-chart.png)

- You will be prompted for the release name and values for the application.

  ![WordPress installation](../img/wordpress-installation.png)

- Click the "Submit" button. The application will be deployed. You will be able to track the new Kubernetes deployment directly from the browser.

  ![WordPress deployment](../img/wordpress-deployment.png)

To obtain the WordPress username and password, refer to the "Notes" section of the deployment page, which contains the commands you will need to run to obtain the credentials for the deployment.

> You can also in the URLs shown in order to directly access the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the URLs shown to directly access the application.
```
